V4 Updates for Metrics, Tracing and Security (#336)
SteeltoeOSS/Documentation: api/v4/security/jwt-bearer.md

### Configure Settings

Since Steeltoe's Jwt Bearer library configures Microsoft's JWT Bearer implementation, all available settings can be found in [`Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.JwtBearer.JwtBearerOptions`](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.aspnetcore.authentication.jwtbearer.jwtbeareroptions)

`JwtBearerOptions` is bound to configuration values found under `Authentication:Schemes:Bearer`. The following example shows how to declare the audience for which tokens should be considered valid (such as when a token is issued to a specific web application and then passed to backend services to perform actions on behalf of a user):

```json
{
  "Authentication": {
    "Schemes": {
      "Bearer": {
        "ValidAudience": "sampleapi"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

#### Cloud Foundry Service Bindings

The Steeltoe package `Steeltoe.Configuration.CloudFoundry` reads Single Sign-On credentials from Cloud Foundry service bindings (`VCAP_SERVICES`) and re-maps them for Microsoft's JwtBearer library to read. Add the configuration provider to your application with this code:

> ```csharp

Reviewer: Namespace imports are missing here.

Author: Not sure exactly when, but this seems to have been resolved

1. Create an instance of a Cloud Foundry Single Sign-On service and bind it to your application.

### Add NuGet References

To use the provider, you need to add a reference to the `Steeltoe.Security.Authentication.JwtBearer` NuGet package.

If you are using Cloud Foundry service bindings, you will also need to add a reference to `Steeltoe.Configuration.CloudFoundry`.

### Configure Settings

Since Steeltoe's JWT Bearer library configures Microsoft's JWT Bearer implementation, all available settings can be found in [`Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.JwtBearer.JwtBearerOptions`](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.aspnetcore.authentication.jwtbearer.jwtbeareroptions).

`JwtBearerOptions` is bound to configuration values found under `Authentication:Schemes:Bearer`. The following example shows how to declare the audience for which tokens should be considered valid (such as when a token is issued to a specific web application and then passed to backend services to perform actions on behalf of a user):

```json
{
  "Authentication": {
    "Schemes": {
      "Bearer": {
        "ValidAudience": "sampleapi"
      }
    }
  }
}
```

#### Cloud Foundry Service Bindings

> The Steeltoe package `Steeltoe.Configuration.CloudFoundry` reads Single Sign-On credentials from Cloud Foundry service bindings (`VCAP_SERVICES`) and re-maps them for Microsoft's JwtBearer library to read. Add the configuration provider to your application with this code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Steeltoe package `Steeltoe.Configuration.CloudFoundry` reads Single Sign-On credentials from Cloud Foundry service bindings (`VCAP_SERVICES`) and re-maps them for Microsoft's JWT Bearer library to read. Add the configuration provider to your application with this code:
```

  "Authentication": {
    "Schemes": {
      "Bearer": {
        "Authority": "http://localhost:8080/uaa",
        "ClientId": "steeltoesamplesserver",
        "ClientSecret": "server_secret",
        "MetadataAddress": "http://localhost:8080/.well-known/openid-configuration",
        "RequireHttpsMetadata": false
      }
    }
  }
}
```

### Add and use JWT Bearer Authentication

Since the majority of the JWT Bearer functionality is provided by Microsoft's libraries, the only difference when using Steeltoe will be the addition of calling `ConfigureJwtBearerForCloudFoundry` on the `AuthenticationBuilder`, as shown in the following example:

```csharp
using Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.JwtBearer;
using Steeltoe.Security.Authentication.JwtBearer;

// Add Microsoft Authentication services
builder.Services
    .AddAuthentication(JwtBearerDefaults.AuthenticationScheme)
    .AddJwtBearer()
    // Steeltoe: configure JWT to work with UAA/Cloud Foundry
    .ConfigureJwtBearerForCloudFoundry();

// Register Microsoft Authorization services
builder.Services.AddAuthorizationBuilder()
    // Create a named authorization policy that requires the user to have a scope with the same value

>     .AddPolicy("sampleapi.read", policy => policy.RequireClaim("scope", "sampleapi.read"))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    .AddPolicy("sampleapi.read", policy => policy.RequireClaim("scope", "sampleapi.read"));
```

builder.Services.AddAuthorizationBuilder()
    // Create a named authorization policy that requires the user to have a scope with the same value
    .AddPolicy("sampleapi.read", policy => policy.RequireClaim("scope", "sampleapi.read"));
```

Activate authentication and authorization services _after_ routing services, but _before_ controller route registrations, with the following code:

```csharp
var app = builder.Build();

app.UseForwardedHeaders(new ForwardedHeadersOptions { ForwardedHeaders = ForwardedHeaders.XForwardedHost | ForwardedHeaders.XForwardedProto });

app.UseRouting();

app.UseAuthentication();
app.UseAuthorization();

app.MapDefaultControllerRoute();

app.Run();
```

> [!TIP]
> In the sample code above, `app.UseForwardedHeaders` is used so that any links generated within the application will be compatible with reverse-proxy scenarios, such as when running in Cloud Foundry.

### Securing Endpoints

Once the services and middleware have been configured, you can secure endpoints with the standard ASP.NET Core `Authorize` attribute, as follows:

```csharp
using Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authorization;
using Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc;

[ApiController]
[Route("[controller]")]

> public class WeatherForecastController : ControllerBase

Reviewer: I suppose `WeatherForecastController` is used to mimic the default template, but it's confusing when Minimal APIs are used instead. Can we just have a simpler `HomeController`, similar to the OpenID and mTLS pages?
